Hello dear friends with you I am
cranes and today we'll see i discuss
First of all, what am I thinking about mode?
like football and look at the match blue
team against the opposite side
red team which includes
stellar such composition amway zemlekku and
lion show match wanted to say pain will be
quite interesting so let's see
speculate
observe so that's what i wanted
say yes plus recently not so long ago was
football mode introduced to us all gave out
t-62a sport and it turns out that the teams
3 on 3 you can platoon to go either in
solo will throw you a random team of 3
person
all you need to do is shoot
land mines on the ball and try to score it
but the gates may be well
score of course in your own but there is
few nuances dunk date all
thousands to odessa ninety nine
millimeters of armor damage done here
almost impossible yes there are such
moments when tanks jump on a sword
fall and blow themselves
on foot but you cannot deal damage
you shoot only landmines can shoot down
u slim and this is probably one of the most
the main problems that all the buzz from
the game breaks down why because football
he must be so dynamic yes that
have all the football the whole point is what
you run play without stopping there
and here it turns out I knocked down my opponent
and you see each other and admire
meanwhile the red team provtykat a
the ball and the blue ones scored their first goal
so that 's what I'm talking about here because of the dynamics
of this suffering you stand throwing time
it goes a little boring
plus the ball is the ball it somehow you can
hold it and give some points like
right now he jumped out
but at some point it can for
huddle the final you just have it
mts work
he will throw out yes and here I am
I think that physics needs a little bit physics
correct and probably worth it at all
get rid of such a thing as knock off and
harp either to be repaired at least
second well there really is two
three seconds it's a little annoying
plus the choice of the tank is such as t-62a I
would personally like to see the hearth saying that
before they tested the tree at night
something happened ball Nathan
could kick and as far as tactics are visible
well at least as Sasha bank if anyone
saw our stream we are there such tactics already
invented but two people should
one man must fight for the ball
to be protected he should if that
to score a ball
out on the goal line and defender
should
Well, here the defender of the game turns out he
must score for it until the ball flies by and
that's what I was talking about the situation is
that the ball just squeezed on both sides
try trying to shoot and here
now friends begin interesting
moment to boil the ball overshoot
the ball is left handed by the ball
gets into the gate and see how it is now
Our hero will weigh Davy play so
goalkeeper
watch the ball trying to score but
nothing works and we look we look
were well just beautiful friends here
this bout is really bout matches by
country confuse fight match us not much
beautiful how competently competently defended
gate and
knocked out so let's say the ball and understandably forgot
say to knock the ball can of course
shoot him again but again
physics is not always somehow right
it works you shoot it somewhere well
in the wrong direction and I wish he was flying
see what happens next play again
on the side of the red team see
what happens is gusl you gusl from the match
Lasts if my memory serves me 7
minutes later you know quite a lot
for some reason, because every second match
these are friends draw and in these 7
in mention and generally play up to three
heads here cut straight like this
far so let's let the ball still gave
give 2 friends a goal
fine the team failed to protect but
what I am talking about here is that they don't
in my opinion very cial plays
one person should see here
stand on defense if the ball is somewhere
breaks through so you can him and
It turns out that half of the fights
it's just no matter how hard you try
even if you defeat the boys will return
match will last almost 7 minutes
because inside the ball here to score
in less than 7 minutes just
it's physically impossible either to do
to play before the first goal and all
inside the goal for winning too much
places 10 fights God forbid that at least one
the match will end 300 and there 32 that someone
miraculously score three goals and see
what is already left is the last minute score 2
0 and here it is clear that she win
red team well, just physically
will not succeed in time let's a little bit
rewind and of course this is a topic
This is a rather jaded mode.
very well, you all have long been
discuss but I just liked this
match like our hero exactly
defile gates ie played goalkeeper
it was very cool we all wanted
I don't share much of my opinion
played but enough to understand everything in
This mode and I hope that the developers
want to leave him kind of like and I hope
they will be exactly the direction more
dynamics go to matches were
much more interesting
sunset more exciting yes but so
red team loses all thanks
what were watching with you I was not the screen
forget to subscribe to the channel set
likes everyone good luck with randomness
You will run for free if you play
football and see you soon